Fix: Allow users to opt out of shiny's download autoenable (#4371)
rstudio/shiny: NEWS.md

# shiny (development version)

## New features

> * `downloadButton()` and `downloadLink()` gain a new `enabled` parameter. Use `enabled = "auto"` (default) to automatically enable the button or link when the download is ready, `enabled = TRUE` to start already enabled, or `enabled = FALSE` to opt into manual state management. (#4119)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `downloadButton()` and `downloadLink()` gain a new `enabled` parameter. The default value, `"auto"`, automatically enables the button/link when the download is ready. To opt-into manual state management (e.g., `shinyjs::enable()`), set `enabled` to `FALSE` (or `TRUE`). (#4119)
```
